{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab \uc0\u8220{}10. Migrating from RPi.GPIO \uc0\u8212{} GPIO Zero 1.6.2 Documentation.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://gpiozero.readthedocs.io/en/stable/migrating_from_rpigpio.html
\
[2]\tab \uc0\u8220{}14. API - Input Devices \uc0\u8212{} gpiozero 2.0 Documentation.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://gpiozero.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_input.html#distancesensor-hc-sr04
\
[3]\tab therion, \uc0\u8220{}Accessing a Video Stream running on local HTTP host,\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/q/63993265
\
[4]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Add info on Docker setup \uc0\u183{} Issue #891 \uc0\u183{} gpiozero/gpiozero,\uc0\u8221{} GitHub. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/gpiozero/gpiozero/issues/891
\
[5]\tab \uc0\u8220{}ailispaw/mjpg-streamer - Docker Image | Docker Hub.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://hub.docker.com/r/ailispaw/mjpg-streamer
\
[6]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Amazon.com: ESP-WROOM-32 ESP32 ESP-32S Development Board 2.4GHz Dual-Mode WiFi + Bluetooth Dual Cores Microcontroller Processor Integrated with Antenna RF AMP Filter AP STA Compatible with Arduino IDE (1 PCS)\uc0\u8239{}: Electronics.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.amazon.com/ESP-WROOM-32-Development-Dual-Mode-Microcontroller-Integrated/dp/B07WCG1PLV?th=1
\
[7]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Ankur-Deka - Repositories,\uc0\u8221{} GitHub. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/Ankur-Deka
\
[8]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Ankur-Deka - Repositories,\uc0\u8221{} GitHub. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/Ankur-Deka
\
[9]\tab A. Deka, \uc0\u8220{}Ankur-Deka/gym.\uc0\u8221{} Aug. 23, 2021. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/Ankur-Deka/gym
\
[10]\tab A. Deka, \uc0\u8220{}Ankur-Deka/gym.\uc0\u8221{} Aug. 23, 2021. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/Ankur-Deka/gym
\
[11]\tab vonGohren, \uc0\u8220{}Answer to \uc0\u8216{}Docker Access to Raspberry Pi GPIO Pins,\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/a/30263573
\
[12]\tab Priyanshu, \uc0\u8220{}Answer to \uc0\u8216{}OpenGl and GLFW in a docker container,\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/a/77780991
\
[13]\tab Victor, \uc0\u8220{}Answer to \uc0\u8216{}Why doesn\uc0\u8217{}t Python app print anything when run in a detached docker container?,\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/a/31796350
\
[14]\tab armlabs, \uc0\u8220{}armlabs/ssd1306_linux.\uc0\u8221{} Jan. 28, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/armlabs/ssd1306_linux
\
[15]\tab Q. Song {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Autonomous Driving Decision Control Based on Improved Proximal Policy Optimization Algorithm,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Applied Sciences}, vol. 13, no. 11, Art. no. 11, Jan. 2023, doi: 10.3390/app13116400.
\
[16]\tab Q. Song {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Autonomous Driving Decision Control Based on Improved Proximal Policy Optimization Algorithm,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Applied Sciences}, vol. 13, no. 11, Art. no. 11, Jan. 2023, doi: 10.3390/app13116400.
\
[17]\tab \uc0\u8220{}BadPinFactory error when using gpiozero Python library with RaspberryPi 4 - Project help,\uc0\u8221{} balenaForums. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://forums.balena.io/t/badpinfactory-error-when-using-gpiozero-python-library-with-raspberrypi-4/367262
\
[18]\tab Thingiverse.com, \uc0\u8220{}Box 18650 battery shield V8 by WerMRolenT.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:6331087
\
[19]\tab Gus, \uc0\u8220{}Build a Raspberry Pi Webcam Server in Minutes,\uc0\u8221{} Pi My Life Up. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-webcam-server/
\
[20]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Create a Docker Container for Raspberry Pi to Blink an LED,\uc0\u8221{} IoT Bytes. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://iotbytes.wordpress.com/create-your-first-docker-container-for-raspberry-pi-to-blink-an-led/
\
[21]\tab J. Fu, A. Kumar, O. Nachum, G. Tucker, and S. Levine, \uc0\u8220{}D4RL: Datasets for Deep Data-Driven Reinforcement Learning.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Feb. 05, 2021. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07219
\
[22]\tab J. Fu, A. Kumar, O. Nachum, G. Tucker, and S. Levine, \uc0\u8220{}D4RL: Datasets for Deep Data-Driven Reinforcement Learning.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Feb. 05, 2021. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07219
\
[23]\tab D. Li, \uc0\u8220{}DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle.\uc0\u8221{} Nov. 14, 2023. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle
\
[24]\tab D. Li, \uc0\u8220{}DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle.\uc0\u8221{} Nov. 14, 2023. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle
\
[25]\tab Nyxynyx, \uc0\u8220{}Docker Access to Raspberry Pi GPIO Pins,\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/q/30059784
\
[26]\tab FinFET, \uc0\u8220{}FinFetChannel/RayCastingPythonMaze.\uc0\u8221{} Jan. 21, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/FinFetChannel/RayCastingPythonMaze
\
[27]\tab D. Backhouse, J. Gourlay, B. Guta, K. Huang, and K. Ng, \uc0\u8220{}Gym2Real: An Open-Source Platform for Sim2Real Transfer\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[28]\tab D. Backhouse, J. Gourlay, B. Guta, K. Huang, and K. Ng, \uc0\u8220{}Gym2Real: An Open-Source Platform for Sim2Real Transfer\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[29]\tab Thingiverse.com, \uc0\u8220{}Holder for a HC SR04 Case by Legieps.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3436448
\
[30]\tab B. Engineers, \uc0\u8220{}How to Make Raspberry Pi Webcam Server and Stream Live Video || Motion + Webcam + Raspberry Pi,\uc0\u8221{} Instructables. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.instructables.com/How-to-Make-Raspberry-Pi-Webcam-Server-and-Stream-/
\
[31]\tab \uc0\u8220{}ikaritw/rpi-motion - Docker Image | Docker Hub.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://hub.docker.com/r/ikaritw/rpi-motion
\
[32]\tab J. Brink, \uc0\u8220{}jamesbrink/docker-opengl.\uc0\u8221{} Jan. 23, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/jamesbrink/docker-opengl
\
[33]\tab K. Jarz\uc0\u281{}bski, \uc0\u8220{}jarzebski/Arduino-MPU6050.\uc0\u8221{} Jan. 24, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/jarzebski/Arduino-MPU6050
\
[34]\tab Aleksei, \uc0\u8220{}lexus2k/ssd1306.\uc0\u8221{} Jan. 28, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/lexus2k/ssd1306
\
[35]\tab M. A. Dharmasiri, \uc0\u8220{}Micromouse from scratch| Algorithm- Maze traversal|Shortest path|Floodfill,\uc0\u8221{} Medium. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://medium.com/@minikiraniamayadharmasiri/micromouse-from-scratch-algorithm-maze-traversal-shortest-path-floodfill-741242e8510
\
[36]\tab M. A. Dharmasiri, \uc0\u8220{}Micromouse from scratch| Algorithm- Maze traversal|Shortest path|Floodfill,\uc0\u8221{} Medium. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://medium.com/@minikiraniamayadharmasiri/micromouse-from-scratch-algorithm-maze-traversal-shortest-path-floodfill-741242e8510
\
[37]\tab Thingiverse.com, \uc0\u8220{}Multi-purpose 2wd robot chassis by Mayur7600.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2544002
\
[38]\tab \uc0\u8220{}NVIDIA-Omniverse/IsaacGymEnvs.\uc0\u8221{} NVIDIA Omniverse, Jan. 29, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/IsaacGymEnvs
\
[39]\tab \uc0\u8220{}NVIDIA-Omniverse/IsaacGymEnvs.\uc0\u8221{} NVIDIA Omniverse, Jan. 29, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/IsaacGymEnvs
\
[40]\tab replit, \uc0\u8220{}Online Multiplayer Game in Repl using Pygame and Flask,\uc0\u8221{} replit. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://replit.com/talk/ask/Online-Multiplayer-Game-in-Repl-using-Pygame-and-Flask/77222
\
[41]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Open Labyrinth mission. python coding challenges - Py.CheckiO,\uc0\u8221{} Py.CheckiO - games for coders. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://py.checkio.org/en/mission/open-labyrinth/share/574bd1ded68c9705c5d6f07c6206be12/
\
[42]\tab brinkjames, \uc0\u8220{}OpenGL inside Docker containers, this is how I did it.,\uc0\u8221{} r/docker. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: www.reddit.com/r/docker/comments/8d3qox/opengl_inside_docker_containers_this_is_how_i_did/
\
[43]\tab S. Tjiharjadi, M. Wijaya, and E. Setiawan, \uc0\u8220{}Optimization Maze Robot Using A* and Flood Fill Algorithm,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Robotics Research}, vol. 6, pp. 366\uc0\u8211{}372, Sep. 2017, doi: 10.18178/ijmerr.6.5.366-372.
\
[44]\tab S. Tjiharjadi, M. Wijaya, and E. Setiawan, \uc0\u8220{}Optimization Maze Robot Using A* and Flood Fill Algorithm,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Robotics Research}, vol. 6, pp. 366\uc0\u8211{}372, Sep. 2017, doi: 10.18178/ijmerr.6.5.366-372.
\
[45]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Queue.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.arduinolibraries.info/libraries/queue
\
[46]\tab S. Ramstedt and C. Pal, \uc0\u8220{}Real-Time Reinforcement Learning,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems}, Curran Associates, Inc., 2019. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2019/hash/54e36c5ff5f6a1802925ca009f3ebb68-Abstract.html
\
[47]\tab {\i{}Reinforcement Learning with Multi-Fidelity Simulators -- RC Car}, (Dec. 30, 2014). Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_d0Is3bxXA
\
[48]\tab {\i{}Reinforcement Learning with Multi-Fidelity Simulators -- RC Car}, (Dec. 30, 2014). Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_d0Is3bxXA
\
[49]\tab {\i{}Self Driving and Drifting RC Car using Reinforcement Learning}, (Aug. 19, 2019). Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0-Jswwf0hw
\
[50]\tab {\i{}Self Driving and Drifting RC Car using Reinforcement Learning}, (Aug. 19, 2019). Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0-Jswwf0hw
\
[51]\tab Emmet, \uc0\u8220{}Set up Docker on the Raspberry Pi,\uc0\u8221{} Pi My Life Up. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-docker/
\
[52]\tab W. Zhao, J. P. Queralta, and T. Westerlund, \uc0\u8220{}Sim-to-Real Transfer in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Robotics: a Survey,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}2020 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI)}, Dec. 2020, pp. 737\uc0\u8211{}744. doi: 10.1109/SSCI47803.2020.9308468.
\
[53]\tab W. Zhao, J. P. Queralta, and T. Westerlund, \uc0\u8220{}Sim-to-Real Transfer in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Robotics: a Survey.\uc0\u8221{} Jul. 08, 2021. doi: 10.1109/SSCI47803.2020.9308468.
\
[54]\tab D. de Lorenzo, \uc0\u8220{}Sphinkie/ArrayQueue.\uc0\u8221{} Sep. 08, 2020. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/Sphinkie/ArrayQueue
\
[55]\tab \uc0\u8220{}ssd1306/examples/demos/ssd1306_demo/ssd1306_demo.ino at master \uc0\u183{} lexus2k/ssd1306,\uc0\u8221{} GitHub. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/lexus2k/ssd1306/blob/master/examples/demos/ssd1306_demo/ssd1306_demo.ino
\
[56]\tab the_codingbear, \uc0\u8220{}Tutorial how to create a OpenGL context in Docker,\uc0\u8221{} r/opengl. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: www.reddit.com/r/opengl/comments/peojvo/tutorial_how_to_create_a_opengl_context_in_docker/
\
[57]\tab \uc0\u8220{}utensils/Envisaged.\uc0\u8221{} Utensils, Jan. 23, 2024. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/utensils/Envisaged
\
[58]\tab jpdus, \uc0\u8220{}Why doesn\uc0\u8217{}t Python app print anything when run in a detached docker container?,\uc0\u8221{} Stack Overflow. Accessed: Jan. 29, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://stackoverflow.com/q/29663459
\
}