{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab \uc0\u8220{}2WD miniQ Robot Chassis.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.dfrobot.com/product-367.html
\
[2]\tab W. Zhao, J. P. Queralta, and T. Westerlund, \uc0\u8220{}Sim-to-Real Transfer in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Robotics: a Survey,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}2020 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI)}, Dec. 2020, pp. 737\uc0\u8211{}744. doi: 10.1109/SSCI47803.2020.9308468.
\
[3]\tab {\i{}Self Driving and Drifting RC Car using Reinforcement Learning}, (Aug. 19, 2019). Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0-Jswwf0hw
\
[4]\tab {\i{}Reinforcement Learning with Multi-Fidelity Simulators -- RC Car}, (Dec. 30, 2014). Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online Video]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_d0Is3bxXA
\
[5]\tab S. Tjiharjadi, M. Wijaya, and E. Setiawan, \uc0\u8220{}Optimization Maze Robot Using A* and Flood Fill Algorithm,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Robotics Research}, vol. 6, pp. 366\uc0\u8211{}372, Sep. 2017, doi: 10.18178/ijmerr.6.5.366-372.
\
[6]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Open Labyrinth mission. python coding challenges - Py.CheckiO,\uc0\u8221{} Py.CheckiO - games for coders. Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://py.checkio.org/en/mission/open-labyrinth/share/574bd1ded68c9705c5d6f07c6206be12/
\
[7]\tab Thingiverse.com, \uc0\u8220{}Multi-purpose 2wd robot chassis by Mayur7600.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2544002
\
[8]\tab M. A. Dharmasiri, \uc0\u8220{}Micromouse from scratch| Algorithm- Maze traversal|Shortest path|Floodfill,\uc0\u8221{} Medium. Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://medium.com/@minikiraniamayadharmasiri/micromouse-from-scratch-algorithm-maze-traversal-shortest-path-floodfill-741242e8510
\
[9]\tab Thingiverse.com, \uc0\u8220{}Holder for a HC SR04 Case by Legieps.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3436448
\
[10]\tab D. Backhouse, J. Gourlay, B. Guta, K. Huang, and K. Ng, \uc0\u8220{}Gym2Real: An Open-Source Platform for Sim2Real Transfer\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[11]\tab FinFET, \uc0\u8220{}FinFetChannel/RayCastingPythonMaze.\uc0\u8221{} Nov. 15, 2023. Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/FinFetChannel/RayCastingPythonMaze
\
[12]\tab D. Li, \uc0\u8220{}DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle.\uc0\u8221{} Nov. 14, 2023. Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/DailyL/Sim2Real_autonomous_vehicle
\
[13]\tab J. Fu, A. Kumar, O. Nachum, G. Tucker, and S. Levine, \uc0\u8220{}D4RL: Datasets for Deep Data-Driven Reinforcement Learning.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Feb. 05, 2021. Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07219
\
[14]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Case for Raspberry PI 3 / 4 with a PiSugar 2 PRO or PiSugar 3 by tommycederlund | Download free STL model | Printables.com.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jan. 08, 2024. [Online]. Available: https://www.printables.com/en/model/296484-case-for-raspberry-pi-3-4-with-a-pisugar-2-pro-or-
\
}